references/README.md, before:

# References:

A few references you might find useful:

1. [Shortcuts for navigating the command line](https://clementc.github.io/blog/2018/01/25/moving_cli/)
2. [GitHub Desktop for visualizing changes](https://desktop.github.com/)
3. [Git Book]( https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/)
4. [tryGit: Git Challenges from GitHub + CodeSchool (aka an interactive training program)](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
5. [Git Handbook](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/)
6. [9 GitHub Lists for Testing](http://www.kenst.com/2017/05/9-github-lists-for-testing/)
7. [18 GitHub Projects for Testing](http://www.kenst.com/2017/05/18-github-projects-for-testing/)
8. [Practice Using Selenium Now](https://www.kenst.com/2017/01/practice-using-selenium-now/)


Also see [GitHub Page Examples](github-page-examples.md)

## GitHub Projects to contribute to:

> Many of these projects have labels for first time submitters. Using these labels will get you better responses from the project’s members

- [TestingConferences.org](http://testingconferences.org/) - A simple list of software testing conferences and workshops published collaboratively with the testing community.
- [Wordpress.com Desktop App](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso)
- Babel, Node / NPM, Rails

Commit message:

added Tech Community Slacks project

references/README.md, after:

# References:

A few references you might find useful:

1. [Shortcuts for navigating the command line](https://clementc.github.io/blog/2018/01/25/moving_cli/)
2. [GitHub Desktop for visualizing changes](https://desktop.github.com/)
3. [Git Book]( https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/)
4. [tryGit: Git Challenges from GitHub + CodeSchool (aka an interactive training program)](https://try.github.io/levels/1/challenges/1)
5. [Git Handbook](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/)
6. [9 GitHub Lists for Testing](http://www.kenst.com/2017/05/9-github-lists-for-testing/)
7. [18 GitHub Projects for Testing](http://www.kenst.com/2017/05/18-github-projects-for-testing/)
8. [Practice Using Selenium Now](https://www.kenst.com/2017/01/practice-using-selenium-now/)


Also see [GitHub Page Examples](github-page-examples.md)

## GitHub Projects to contribute to:

> Many of these projects have labels for first time submitters. Using these labels will get you better responses from the project’s members

- [TestingConferences.org](http://testingconferences.org/) - A simple list of software testing conferences and workshops published collaboratively with the testing community.
- [Tech Community Slacks](https://github.com/ladyleet/tech-community-slacks) - This is a list of tech community Slack teams, organized by region. If your group has a Slack team, you can add it here.
- [Wordpress.com Desktop App](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso)
- Babel, Node / NPM, Rails
